Update DBM > Exploring Query Metrics screenshots (#23268)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/database_monitoring/query_metrics.md

> Datadog collects explain plans continuously, so a given query can have multiple plans. Those plans are normalized and shown separately so that you can see if a query has plans that perform better or have higher relative cost than others. For example, the following shows two explain plans for a query, and one has much lower average latency:

Reviewer: (Trying to reword the sentence above from `two plans` to `one plan`)

```suggestion
Datadog collects explain plans continuously, so a given query can have multiple plans. Those plans are normalized and shown separately so that you can see if a query has plans that perform better or have higher relative cost than others. For example, the following explain plan contains information for a query:
```
